README.md, before:

# Workout Logger API

The Workout Logger API is part of an application project to track and manage my workout data. This API is designed to record, analyze, and visualize workout progress.

It uses Java 17 with Spring framework, and a relational database (MySQL or MariaDB).

Project under development.

## Dependencies
- Spring Boot 3
- Spring Reactive Web
- Spring Data
- Spring HateOAS
- Validation

## Installing
1. Clone the repository
2. Using your IDE, install the dependencies
3. Modify `application-prod.properties` to use your settings to connect to your local database. You can also create a new profile and set `spring.profiles.active` on `application.properties` to use it.

## Avaliable Routes

### Exercise database
- `GET /v1/exercises`:  List all exercises
- `GET /v1/exercises/{id}`: Get details from an exercise
- `POST /v1/exercises`: Add a new exercise
- `PUT /v1/exercises/{id}`: Edit exercise information
- `DELETE /v1/exercises/{id}`: Remove an exercise

### Workout
- `GET /v1/workout`: List all workouts (temporary endpoint used only for development purposes)
- `GET /v1/workout/{id}`: Get all details from an workout
- `POST /v1/workout`: Add workout log
- `PUT /v1/workout/{id}`: Edit workout log, including metadata and list of exercises and sets
- `DELETE /v1/workout/{id}`: Remove workout log

---
Developed with ☕ by [Matheus Misumoto](https://matheusmisumoto.dev) in Santos, Brazil

Commit message:

Feat: login with username and password
- Change login route to /auth
- Add user roles
- Add endpoint with previous stats from an exercise
- Create DTOs to show previous stats from an exercise
- Create DTOs and improve endpoints to register and edit user
- Create conditions to allow admin and the owner of the resource to edit and delete
- Rename routes to be more semantic
- Protect some of endpoints
- Create environment variable to set the allowed origin to API calls
- Update README

README.md, after:

# FitLogr API

This API is part of FitLogr, an application project to track and manage workout data. Users can register and login using their GitHub account, or create a profile using username and password.

It uses Java 17 with Spring framework, and a relational database (MySQL or MariaDB).

Project under development.

## Dependencies
- Spring Boot 3
- Spring Security
- Spring Reactive Web
- Spring Data
- Spring HateOAS
- Validation

## Installing
1. Clone the repository
2. Using your IDE, install the dependencies
3. Modify `application-prod.properties` to use your settings to connect to your local database. You can also create a new profile and set `spring.profiles.active` on `application.properties` to use it.

## Avaliable Routes and Endpoints

### Exercise database

- `GET /v1/exercises`:  List all exercises
- `GET /v1/exercises/{id}`: Get details from an exercise
- `POST /v1/exercises`: Add a new exercise (admin only)
- `PUT /v1/exercises/{id}`: Edit exercise information (admin only)
- `DELETE /v1/exercises/{id}`: Remove an exercise (admin only)

### Workout
- `GET /v1/workouts/user/{userid}`: List all workouts from a user
- `GET /v1/workouts/user/{userid}/latest`: List the 10 latest workouts from a user
- `GET /v1/workouts/user/{userid}/{id}`: Retrieve all details from an workout
- `GET /v1/workouts/user/{userid}/exercise/{exerciseid}`: Get latest user stats from an exercise
- `POST /v1/workouts`: Add workout log
- `PUT /v1/workouts/user/{userid}/{id}`: Edit workout log, including metadata and list of exercises and sets (admin and self profile only)
- `DELETE /v1/workout/{id}`: Remove workout log (admin and self profile only)

### Users
- `GET /v1/users/register`: Add a new user
- `GET /v1/users`: List all users
- `GET /v1/users/{id}`: Retrieve user information
- `PUT /v1/users/{id}`: Edit user profile (admin and self profile only)
- `DELETE /V1/users/{id}`: Delete user (admin and self profile only)

### Authentication
- `POST /auth/oauth`: Login with GitHub
- `POST /auth/login`: Login with username and passwords

---
Developed with ☕ by [Matheus Misumoto](https://matheusmisumoto.dev) in Santos, Brazil
